{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww12600\viewh14280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Heartbeat Highschool Script\ulnone \
The game will boot in and Merry Seoul will (Seoul) waking up in a classroom with Seoul\'92s on 
\i Mary Soul (Soul)(temp name. maybe?)
\i0  lap.\
*Black Screen*\
Seoul:	...\
	......\
Soul:	"Oh Hey! Your finally up. I was getting worried there for a second."\
	Seoul gets up quickly\
\
\
*classroom art and Soul standing art*\
\
Seoul:	"What's going on here? Who are you?"\
	"..."\
	"And why was I on your lap?"\
	The orange light creeps through the trees as the sun is setting. I take in my surrounding and see desks and chalkboard... I'm in a classroom.\
Soul:	"Well... I'm Mary Soul."\
	"I saw you in here on the floor and I came to help."\
Seoul:	"Why was my head on your lap though? Shouldn't you have gone to get the nurse?"\
	What am I saying. I shouldn't even be here.\
Soul:	"Everyone's gone for the day and you just seemed to be asleep so it was only a matter of time until you woke up. \
	You shouldn't sleep on the floor like that either, you'll twist your neck."\
Seoul:	I gather myself together and begin to walk toward the door leave.\
	"Well thank you for your concern but I be lea-"\
Soul gets in the way of Seoul\
Soul:	"Awww don't leave just yet, let's walk around the school for a bit."\
\

\i Player will make a choice here: Go along with Mary or Deny and leave. If player chooses to leave, Mary will pull out a knife and stab Merry.\
\

\i0 Seoul:	What's with this girl? I start walking past her.\
	"I'm sorry but I have to g-"\
	I feel a sharp pain in my stomach and I fall to the floor. The ground around me begins to feel wet and I catch sight of growing red.\
	My vision begins to go out....\
	*dies*	\

\i \
 If player chooses to go with Mary, Continue dialogue below.\
\

\i0 Seoul:	I guess I should accompany her for a while since she did stay with me for a  while.\
	"Alright, I'll stay for a while."\
Soul:	"Wonderful!"\
\
	
\i Soul takes me by the hand and pulls me in to the hallway\
	
\i0 The hallways are empty and the only sound present is the trees rustling outside. There's a breeze that fills the hallway as some windows are cracked open\
Seoul:	"So where is everyone?"\
Soul:	"I told you, everyone's gone for today. But don't worry about that, why were you sleeping in the classroom?"\
Seoul:	I continue to play along but I still remain suspicious about the scenario.\
	"I'm not even sure anymore, I've been through a lot and I keep dreaming about being placed in different styles of games."\
Soul:	"huh. Well how do you know this isn't a game right now?"\
Seoul:	"I don't but this it the closet I've felt to being a real person so that must count for something."\
Soul:	""\
	"Oh hey can you wait here for a second, I left something in the classroom when I went in to help you."\
	Soul goes back in to the classroom with out any sort of agreement from me\
	I could use this opportunity to leave or maybe I should I wait for her...\
\

\i Player choice: leave her\

\i0 Seoul:	I start taking a few pace away from the classroom and suddenly hear the classroom door fling open. Before I know it I see Soul in my peripheral.\
	I feel a strong force that knocks me over to the windows. I lose my balance and feel no ground beneath me.\
	I catch a glimpse of Soul looking out the window before everything goes black.\
	*dies*\
\

\i Player choice: wait\

\i0 Seoul:	I wait patiently. I look outside the windows in the hallway. \
Soul:	"Looks nice outside huh."\
Seoul:	I hear Mary's voice close to me ear and jump away\
	"Ah! Please don't sneak up on me like that"\
Soul:	"Heh. Sorry."\
	She steps back and looks out the windows\
	"I often stay late after school studying and time seems to fly. It's usually boring but I'm glad I was able to meet you today."\
	"It's been a while since the last time I actually talked to anyone..."\
	There's a moment of silent.\
	She breaks her sight of the window and turns towards me.\
	"Lets keep walking around."\
	She beings to walk and I begin to follow. She seems to be determined in her walk as if she knows where she's going.\
Seoul:	"So where are we going exactly?"\
Soul:	"Oh I never told you, we're headed to the roof of the school."\
	 It's strange, nothing about this place feels familiar and I can't shake the feeling that something is off.\
	\
* queue stairs art\
	We turn the corner and I can see the entrance of the building down a flight of stairs. I stop for a moment with Mary stopping a few steps ahead.\
Soul:	"What's wrong?"\
\

\i Player choice: Suggest parting here\

\i0 Seoul:	"I think it's about time I should-"\
Soul:	"leave"\
	I feel a chill crawl up my spine as Mary finished my sentence... \
	She turns to look at me in eyes.\
Soul:	"That's all everyone wants to do..."\
	"Everyone I knew always tries to leave."\
	She looks down.\
Seoul:	"It seems to be getting dark outside and I think maybe we should call it a day. I'm sure we'll see each other again though"\
	I feel kind of bad about lying to her but I really need to figure out what's on.\
Soul:	"Fine! If you're going to leave then just leave!"\
	Her hands fly out at me and I tip over.\
	I'm free falling down but all I can see it is her at the top of the stairs. I see a tear fall down her face before everything goes black.\

\i *Dies*\
\
Player choice: "Oh nothing, I spaced out for a moment"\

\i0 Seoul:	"Oh nothing, I spaced out for a moment"\
Soul:	"You know, you seem like a clumsy person. No wonder I found you sleeping in class."\
Seoul:	"Hey, I didn't chose to sleep there and besides, it's also getting outside."\
Soul:	"it is but what I have to show you will be worth your while."\
	She continues to walk.\
	"Come on."\
Seoul:	We arrive at a flight of stairs that lead up with a single door. She skips the steps as she goes up and waits for me at the top. \
	I get to the top and she opens the door. There's a loud boom and the sky gets lit up with different colors.\
Soul:	"We mad it just in time."\
\
*queue roof art*\
\
	She runs out onto the roof and gazes at the fireworks going off. I take a couple steps outside under the sky. Mary gazes at me.\
Soul:	"Thanks for joining me. You've really made today special."\
	She smiles at me\
	*White fade*\
	
\i *End*
\i0 \
}